Update known-issues.md for .NET 7.0 Preview 6 (#7589)
dotnet/core: release-notes/7.0/known-issues.md

## .NET SDK

### [Testhost.exe does not find '7.0.0-preview.6.22324.4' runtime when running tests](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/issues/26462)
A file-based install of the SDK, dotnet test on a .net 7 project will look in the global location rather than the local location and be unable to find .net 7.

> Workaround: Setting DOTNET_ROOT to point to 'C:\Users\adity\AppData\Local\Microsoft\dotnet' fixes the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workaround: Setting DOTNET_ROOT to point to the path to the local dotnet fixes the issue.
```

### Blazor issues depending on whether you’re using .NET 6 installed by VS or stand-alone install of .NET 7

> If your app is targetting Blazor using the .net 7 included in VS, you can target net6.0 but not target net7.0. 

Reviewer: Add _You will see an error message 'The "ProcessFrameworkReferences" task faield unexpectedly.'_

> If your app is targetting Blazor using the .net 7 included in VS, you can target net6.0 but not target net7.0  and you will see an error message 'The "ProcessFrameworkReferences" task faield unexpectedly.'

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
If your app is targetting Blazor using the .net 7 included in VS, you can target net6.0 but not target net7.0 and you will see an error message 'The "ProcessFrameworkReferences" task faield unexpectedly.'
```
